README.md, before:

Hello candidate! welcome to the development test for the position of Semi-Senior Developer for CT Funiber Ecuador. We present you with an inventory system development challenge with the requirements detailed below.

#### Inventory management requirements:

1. Authentication
2. Product categorization
3. Product measurement
4. Product history
5. Stock inquiries

The information must be stored in a database.
A non-relational database can be used (optional).
Possible technologies to use for front-end development: React, Vue, Angular, Javascript.
The backend development language is up to you. The provided one is php8.
The creation of the Entity Relationship Model is at the developer's discretion.
The binding and validation of the fields is at the discretion of the developer.
The design of the system is at the developer's discretion and creativity.


> You must send a pull request to this repository.
> The whole project will be checked with Docker Compose, manage your dependencies well.
> Any extra environment variables must be sent in the pull request with an explanation of how to use them.
> If you have questions, read the requirements or contact me by email ``alfredo.hermoso@funiber.org``.
> This challenge must be submitted by Monday 13-02-2023 at 23:59:59 from the receipt of the mail.

Commit message:

Update Project requirements and deadline

README.md, after:

Hello candidate! welcome to the development test for the position of Semi-Senior Developer for CT Funiber Ecuador. We present you with an inventory system development challenge with the requirements detailed below.

#### Inventory management requirements:

1° Authentication
	- by a email and password
	- a demo user must be provided
	- no authorization rules must be added, the demo user has all the abilities
2° Products
	- seed some products examples in the database
	- add a search form with these filters 
		- code
		- name
		- category
		- has stock (boolean)
  - add a form to edit the main attributes such as name, code, and category
3° Product categorization
	- all categories must be seed in the database
	- the maintenance (CRUD) for the categories are optional
4° Product measurement
	- this features SHOULD BE handle in one single form
	- validations are expected, the rules are at your discretion
5° Stock inquiries
	- this features SHOULD BE handle in one single form
	- validations are expected, the rules are at your discretion
6° Product change history

The information must be stored in a database.
A non-relational database can be used (optional).
Possible technologies to use for front-end development: React, Vue, Angular, Javascript.
The backend development language is up to you. The provided one is php8.
The creation of the Entity Relationship Model is at the developer's discretion.
The binding and validation of the fields is at the discretion of the developer.
The design of the system is at the developer's discretion and creativity.


> You must send a pull request to this repository.
> The whole project will be checked with Docker Compose, manage your dependencies well.
> Any extra environment variables must be sent in the pull request with an explanation of how to use them.
> If you have questions, read the requirements or contact me by email ``alfredo.hermoso@funiber.org``.
> You have five days to complete and submitted the project from the reception of the mail.
